[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Oh, yes.
Hello, dear.
This is the 9th Dimensional
Pleiadian Collective.
And it is a pleasure
and an honor
to have the opportunity
to connect with you.
So in our short
time today we think
we're going to cover a pretty
lengthy, or pretty substantial
amount of ground.
So we're very, very excited.
So thank you for the
opportunity to connect.
>> Absolutely.
Thanks for being here with us.
Yes, a number of questions on
a number of different levels.
But this may be right into it.
Out of left field a little bit.
But can you explain
reincarnation,
and the mechanism, and
why does that work?
>> Well, in part the
question is flawed.
>> OK.
All right.
>> And here's why.
Because you are you're
asking the question
from a third dimensional
standpoint in which you
are looking at
time as a constant,
where there is a
linear progression.
And it's not.
Time is an illusion.
And it's simply a
marker for events.
So when you all think
of reincarnation,
you think, all right,
well, I have a lifetime
that started in 1000 BC.
And then I had another one
in, say, the 1700s, and then
another one in the early 1900s.
And then here I am today.
So you think there is
a linear progression.
And really there isn't.
Because what you
consider to be the past
or what you consider
to be the future
is all going on concurrently.
And so what you are choosing to
do is take your soul's essence
and harness it, focus it
to a specific now moment.
And by doing that as
you enter into 3D,
you create a physical
structure for yourself.
All right, you create the body.
And you incarnate, if you will.
But that part of you,
that soul's essence,
can also then
project itself out,
fracture itself out
into other lifetimes
in order to have experience.
So one of the greatest
issues for you all
when it comes to your
sense of progression,
sense of deservedness
when you talk about
karma, is that you
think that you have
to start at the bottom
and work your way up.
There is this idea of hierarchy.
And because you're playing
in a game of duality,
because you've entered into
a dimension in which you
have light, dark, positive,
negative, male, female.
You've got both extremes.
You can't have one
without the other,
because of the
nature of the game.
When you fracture down
into this dimension,
you have oneness,
which is happening up
at the source level.
And then as soon as you enter
into dimensional structure,
you have some level of
separation, some polarity.
And when you get to
3D, the polarities
are pretty far apart.
So you have hierarchy
all the way down
through the
dimensional structure.
Here, you really get
sucked into the idea of it.
But there is an aspect
of you that is already
part of source energy.
You already are one with
all that is and ever will be
and with the infinite.
So it's not that if
you come down here,
and you have a
lifetime in which you
play the dark end of the
spectrum, that the next life
you are condemned or punished
to take a step back and have
a harder life, or
that you are then
going to have to play a
particular role that may not
be so pleasant.
Doesn't really work that way.
At the soul level you say, all
right, I'm going to go down,
and I'm going to
play the perpetrator,
so that somebody else
can play the victim.
Because you can't have
one without the other.
And you have that
vibrational experience.
And then you say, all right,
well, now I understand.
And now I want to try it again
from a different perspective.
So let's play the
victim this time.
And you will contract
with other beings
and oftentimes the same beings
to play that opposite role so
that each gets a turn.
And this could be
going on concurrently
as you structure your lifetimes
and the kinds of vibrations
that you want to experience.
So you also choose
times in history,
if you will, that
suit your needs.
So it is possible for you
to have a future life first
and then put yourself
back in time,
as it were, to put yourself in
a setup in which the conditions
are right for, say, your
oppression, if you will,
if you want to play a victim.
So it's not neat and tidy.
We're giving you
more of an expanded
perspective of what it is.
We could give you
the linear answer.
But we don't want to
do that any longer.
We want to shatter your
version of reality in a sense.
We don't want to leave
you feeling overwhelmed.
But we do want to break
you out of the box.
>> So in that sense,
having that information,
the whole karmic wheel that's
talked about in Buddhism
and other religions, is that
just a misunderstanding then
of how karma works?
Or is karma even real?
Or how does that--
can you--
>> In a sense, we
would say it is real.
When it comes to
your idea of karma,
there is a lot of
manipulation that's
gone on in the
explanation of it.
And it was used to control.
Because there was a lot
of violence going on.
So from the human 3D
level, from the ego level,
this is how it was interpreted.
But because you're
down in density,
and you're playing
this game of separation
or the illusion of
separation, you still
want to present yourselves
with some of the concepts.
So giving the information to
yourselves in the best way
that you can process
it from this level.
So we would say when you
think of the karmic wheel,
it is a story or
a version that is
the best that you can process
from that third dimensional
mental level.
Is it how things really work?
No.
It's as close as you
can get from the process
of the linear mind.
>> So if time is--
you just explained
time is an illusion.
And kind of all of these lives
are happening simultaneously,
would it be safe
to say that what
we're learning in this
lifetime right now
is affecting prior lifetimes
or future lifetimes?
>> Absolutely.
And not only your lifetimes, but
also all life in the universe.
And this is in part why it's
such a special time that you
are going through,
this particular period.
Because there is so much
growth that is happening.
And you are really having to
learn and work with compassion
and how you learn and
work with compassion
is sent off to all life
throughout the universe.
And the information
is a game changer.
Why we say this is
because Earth is
kind of a melting pot
for galactic issues.
Earth is unlike any other planet
in your system, in your galaxy,
really.
It's a grand experiment in which
genetic material from thousands
of worlds was deposited
in order to play out
some of the galactic
issues on a smaller scale.
And along with all
this genetic material
are all the
emotional components,
all the things that
you have experienced
in all of those lifetimes.
And we call Earth the
planet of emotion.
So you've got a huge
range to work with.
And it is, in a sense,
a blessing and a curse
in that you have many
emotions to kind of sequence
together in order to get your
way out of the lower densities,
in order to elevate
your consciousness.
But also because
they are so extreme,
you also can fall into the trap
of getting stuck, in a sense.
So as you have those
experiences of the positive
and the negative in this realm,
you hold a lot more compassion.
Because all of you have had
those times where you felt
that lower resonance, that lower
frequency, that lower emotion.
And you know that it can feel
really challenging and really
hard.
So the way that you experience
compassion and the intensity
of that particular frequency
is so much stronger
than it is experienced
in the higher realms
that you actually are
teaching the rest of us
throughout the entire
universe, including
the higher realms, how
to experience compassion
with more depth.
>> I understand.
>> And that's sometimes hard
for humans to kind of wrap
their mind around.
Because again, you have
this hierarchical idea
that beings in the higher
dimension are better than.
We're just different.
We're just playing
in another game.
We're just playing with
a different set of rules
and having a different
kind of experience.
But remember, as we
said at the beginning,
we are all part of
source energies.
And as such, you are able
to access that information
at any time.
It's never something that is
separate or kept from you.
You limit it from yourself
as you play down in the game
in order to play the game.
>> From a Pleiadian point or
point of view or perspective,
can it--
I mean, it must be comical how
us humans get so emotionally
attached and involved into
our emotions and our stories.
Is that-- do you find that?
>> Well, we wouldn't
necessarily say comical.
But we would say
it's fascinating.
We're fascinated by it.
And we don't always
understand it.
And this is a lot of the work
that you will do at night
when you're out of your bodies.
You are educating
the rest of us.
You will have meetings
with different groups
that you work with.
Sometimes they are
groups in other lifetimes
that have an awareness of the
experiment of the game that's
going on on Earth.
And you may be part of
that species or part
of that energetic collective.
And so they'll review
the day with you.
And they'll look at
it and say, you know,
you had this opportunity to
completely alter your course
and bring a lot more
joy into your life.
And we don't really understand
why you didn't take it.
It seems so easy.
And you explain to them,
well, because in that moment,
I was gripped with
this horrible fear.
Well, what's going to happen?
What about money?
What about security?
What about safety?
And they don't
necessarily understand
looking at it from a slightly
more logical perspective.
So there's a lot
of explanation that
goes on to teach about
this frequency of emotion.
>> Well, in that sense--
and from my
understanding, I guess,
this is all part of the--
you mentioned the
great experiment.
This experiment--
correct me if I'm wrong--
is this choice to have
forgotten where we come from
and who we are and incarnate
in this world as it is.
And that's-- yes, the
great question is, why?
Why?
Why have we done this?
Why have we've forgotten this?
And what are we doing here?
Is that it?
Is that why we're here?
>> Well, the sole purpose
for any incarnational or any
vibrational
experience, meaning--
we don't want to
say incarnation.
Because it's more
than just incarnating.
Because that term means
literally taking on form.
But it's about
experience, period.
It's about exploration.
It's about curiosity.
And the game itself,
the 3D game--
and we're not talking
just about Earth,
but we're talking about the
third dimensional game--
it was created because
we all wanted to.
We thought, well,
wouldn't it be interesting
if we could forget who we are.
Because from our
level, and frankly,
from the fifth
dimensional level and up,
we have an awareness that we
are part of source energy.
We have an awareness that
we can perceive ourselves
as an individuated
consciousness as well
as collective consciousness.
And it's a choice.
But we'll always
have that awareness.
So it is a different game
when you think, well,
what if I didn't know that?
How would that change my
vibrational experience?
How would that change
the choices that I make?
And so this is in part
why the game was set up.
And it is an
illusion, because it's
impossible to have separation.
And so as you came down through
the descension process--
and it was a descension process.
It wasn't that you had to start
your incarnational process
at the 3D level and
work your way back up.
As you came down and
said, all right, well,
let's create this structure.
Let's create this game.
Let's enter into it.
It was very
difficult for you all
to hold that lower resonance.
You kept remembering
that you were
part of the collective energy
and that you could easily
manipulate your reality.
And so out of the
dimensional game you go.
So the mind was set up.
The ego was set up to create
repetitive programs of thought
in order to hold you
into the illusion.
And so now as you spiral down,
the illusion, the programs,
the habits, they get stronger
and stronger as you are denser.
All right, so as you go back
up, it's the exact opposite.
You remember more and more.
And so that's the
whole point of the ego
is to allow you the
illusion of the game,
to have a different perspective
of a vibrational experience.
>> This different
perspective on--
it seems the denser
it gets, or--
maybe I'm not using the right
terminology, but the more
negative side of things--
it does seem self-destructive.
You know, I've heard
stories of Atlantis
or other civilizations here
on Earth or otherwise that
end up destroying themselves.
Is it because they're
listening to the ego too much?
They're too dense?
Is that a possibility?
>> Yes, so right now you're
moving through a sector
of space that has high
vibrational energy that
supports you to elevate
your consciousness.
It's a sector of space
that sometimes you
refer to as the photonic
band or the photonic belt.
It's got high
vibrational signatures
that help you to integrate
all the lessons that you
learned through your cycle.
And it kind of prepares
you for the next step
up, the next cycle as
you're spiraling up.
So with Atlantis, there
were many of the same issues
that you're working on now.
And you wanted to give it a
whirl kind of as a test run
to see, how can we process?
What are some of the
hurdles we're going to have?
Because remember,
time doesn't exist.
And the higher part of
you, the higher self
that is the one projecting
into these different periods,
it knows.
It has that greater perspective.
And so yes, it was a trial run.
And there are many things
that get played out again.
A lot of issues around
genetic manipulation,
a lot of issues about
inner technology
versus outer technology.
Some issues around
artificial intelligence,
although a lot of those issues
are coming from other star
systems as well.
So they're getting triggered
and activated again.
Cloning is another
one that happens
to reoccur from Atlantis.
And you're learning
how to integrate.
You're learning how to release
some of the past trauma,
if you will.
We'll say past.
We'll use past
and future for you
throughout our conversation.
But it prepared you.
And it's information
that you can
access to say,
all right, this is
where following this
particular frequency led to.
So that you don't have
to recreate it again
if you don't want to.
>> Well, the beings
at that time--
I'm sure there were some
survivors from Atlantis,
were there not?
>> Yes, many.
>> So if they remembered that
experience moving forward,
wouldn't they obviously try to
avoid making the same mistakes?
>> Well, there was also the
awareness that you were going
to fall into a period of sleep.
All right, the vibration
was spiraling down.
>> And these beings were
aware of this at this time.
>> Yes, some.
And so there were things
that were put into place.
There were recordings
of information
that were put into crystals.
And many of you are
remembering that-- ah, wait,
I had a lifetime in Atlantis.
And I feel really drawn
to work with crystals,
or I feel really drawn to
work with grids, or the Earth.
Or there are bits and
pieces of information.
Perhaps it's science related.
There may be something
about biology.
Or there may be
something about working
with sound that you feel
drawn to from that lifetime.
And many of you
who have incarnated
into this particular
frame who were,
shall we say, among
the first to awaken,
you've had lifetimes
in Atlantis.
And so you are re-initializing
some of those programs
and memories so
that you can move
beyond that level of distraction
into a more harmonious result.
>> So other than these physical
structures, and crystals, and--
I guess on a flesh
and blood level,
I guess has there been
any actual surviving
beings in the flesh and
blood who have survived who
are able to tell that story?
>> Most have departed.
>> I see.
>> Yes, but we will say that
their counterparts or other
aspects are here
again in your bodies.
>> Were the Pleiadians involved
in the Atlantis experiment?
>> Some.
Very early on.
There were three high
civilizations of Atlantis.
And you're talking about the
first being 300,000 years ago.
So we had some participation.
But there were also
other star systems
that had a more prominent,
more direct contact.
The Learans being among them.
And the Learans participated
in and started, if you will,
Lemeria.
So there's a lot of that
energy that's present.
And then as went a
little further along,
some of the Syrian and
Orion energy showed up.
>> And are the
Pleiadians involved--
obviously we're having
this conversation.
So is there more
of an interaction
with today's civilization
in the Pleiadian collective
or the Pleiadian energy
than in the Atlantis time?
>> In some ways, yes.
There are lots of different
species in the Pleiades.
And we reside in many
different dimensions.
So it's not that we're just
ninth dimensional or fifth
dimensional.
But there are varying
games being played out
in the Pleiades in
different dimensions.
So right now fifth
dimensional Pleiadians,
ninth dimensional Pleiadians,
and occasionally the eighth--
it's a bit rare for
the eighth to show up.
They're observing, but
they're standing back.
The fifth and ninth
are the two dimensions
in which you experience
beings from the Pleiades.
And it's a very varied system.
So you have humanoids.
You've got reptilians.
And you've got a lot of what
you would consider today
to be hybrids.
There's kind of been
a blending that's
gone on over the many eons.
And when we talk
about that, we're
talking about the physicals now.
We're not talking
about the light beings.
>> So this would be a lower
density or a lower dimensional
version of the Pleiadians?
>> Well, we would say fifth
dimensional Pleiadians.
And as we said, sometimes
it's about humanoids.
Sometimes it's about reptilians.
And then sometimes you'll
have interspecies breeding.
There's some AI in the Pleiades.
And we mentioned the artificial
intelligence several times.
And part of the
reason that we're
doing that is because this
is a bigger issue, especially
when it comes to persecution and
the right to have your opinion
and to have your
existence challenged.
A lot of those issues are
coming up for humanity again.
And that was a big AI issue.
>> I just recently re-watched
this movie called Cloud Atlas,
which addresses--
one of the key
things in the movie
was reincarnation, or multiple
lives in simultaneous times.
But then this idea
of AI and the rights
that are given to that
artificially created species.
So yeah, these are themes
in our science fiction
and in the current world.
>> Yes.
And it's also a big trauma
that is still there that
is looking for integration.
And so you're trying to play
it out on a smaller scale.
A lot of the struggle and strife
with the AIs started in Lira.
And they were forced
out into another galaxy.
Many of them are now in
the Intermedian galaxy.
So we just wanted to mention it.
Some of that energy
is in the Pleiades
at the fifth dimensional level.
There are also bird
people, if you will,
that exist in the Pleiades.
And those groups, that species,
has visited your planet before.
About 20,000 years ago there
was a much greater presence
and concentration of
those species, energy
here on the planet.
>> And all these
different species--
I guess my mind's been being
blown today, because we all
have these images of--
OK, Pleiadians look like this.
Greys or Zetas look like this.
And it's great-- thank
you for clarifying that.
Within the Pleiades
system there's
all these different
creatures and forms.
So thank you for sharing that.
>> Well, we just want to
say one other thing here.
Think about it this way.
We mentioned that Earth
has genetic material
from thousands of worlds.
So think about all the
variations of species
that exist on your planet.
And many of those have
what you would consider
to be a higher representation,
a more intelligent species,
or a conscious species.
It's just kind of-- they've
taken a secondary role, if you
will, on this planet for now.
But that information
is being donated
to the collective consciousness
because those beings are
represented.
So all of that history--
spiders, for example.
Spiders in other sectors of the
galaxy are quite intelligent.
They're highly organized.
And they're quite aggressive.
And you've had wars with
the spiders and the fairies.
And they have taken over
many different planets.
They're very conquering.
And this still shows up
in the collective psyche.
Many of you have
huge fear of spiders.
And if you think about it
from a logical standpoint,
for the most part, most
of them are not poisonous.
And they're very, very tiny.
And yet, your fears around
them are very, very large.
It's because this
information is stored
in the collective record.
>> Interesting, yeah.
More so than some other--
there's even nastier
looking insects that we--
beetles and things like that
that we're not afraid of.
>> Yes, yes.
>> Interesting.
Something that we hear through
our different materials, movies
and whatnot, the grand
experiment and the manipulation
that has been done
currently within our media
and government, but
even further back you
hear the story of the Nephilim
and the Anunnaki and that's
what created humans in this
kind of enslavement matrix.
In an easy way, can you
discuss the Anunnaki experience
without letting
people know about--
without having them think we're
victims to this experience,
I guess?
>> A lot of ground to cover.
But that's fine.
>> Yeah, that's a big question.
>> And a lot of
levels and layers.
So, yes, there were beings
from the Sirius star system
who participated in events
in the solar system.
And they are still participating
in events in the solar system.
At the time of Atlantis,
the fall of Atlantis,
they were participating on Mars.
And many of the Atlanteans
had interactions
with them, direct interactions.
And with the fall
of Atlantis, it
was a good opening for them
to once again participate
in Earth activities.
They had participated
much earlier and kind of
abandoned the
project, in a sense.
And in many ways,
the consciousness
at varying times on
the planet was too high
for them to do exactly
what they wanted to do.
So we are going to
give you an answer.
We're going to give
you two versions.
And the first is that it's
important to take the bits
and pieces that resonate with
you and leave the rest behind.
We are giving you a
version of history.
It is not the only
History is always
colored by perspective.
Truth is always
The only place that truth
isn't colored by perspective
is up at source level.
And at that point, it's
nothing but raw data.
And you have every variation
and nuance of every perceived
recording of an event there is.
And so you literally
choose the one
that you want that
fits with creating
the vibrational experience
that you want to have.
So if you want to have an
experience in which you
get to play the
victim, you're going
to choose a version of
history that supports that.
And vise versa.
We want to take just
a moment to talk
about how time
and creation work,
because if you don't
understand, the rest of it
falls a bit flat.
So every now moment
that you experience
is based upon an agreed
upon set of circumstances
that you collectively agree to.
These are the things that
have gone on on the planet.
We've had World War I.
We've had World War II.
This has gone on.
That has gone on.
And then you have your own
personal history, that you say,
this is my past.
This is where I grew up.
This is the kind
of relationship I
had with my mother, my
father, my siblings.
And what you do is
move from now moment
to now moment to now moment.
So you move from agreed
upon set of circumstances.
And then you string
them all together
and give yourself
the illusion of time.
And you do this--
and we didn't talk
about it earlier.
But we feel like we
need to bring it up now,
because these are key concepts
in understanding and bringing
yourself out of the
victim mentality.
And whenever we talk about a lot
of the, quote unquote, "control
mechanisms" that are
going on on the planet,
when you understand this
structure that's underneath it,
you can move out of that
victim consciousness.
So one of the
beautiful things of 3D
was the illusion of linear time.
And part of the
reason time exists
is because as we said
at the beginning,
as you enter into
density and you create
these programs of
the mind to keep you
in the third
dimension, these ideas
and perceptions of limitation--
if you didn't experience
immediate manifestation,
you were able to keep
yourself in the game longer.
If you did immediately manifest,
you'd have a lower thought.
You'd create it as a reflection.
And you would most likely
create a death scenario.
Out you go, and you
have to start again.
You'd have to incarnate again.
So the lower the
frequency, the slower
you actually move through time.
Scientists haven't
quite caught this yet.
But frequencies don't move
through time and space
at the same rate.
Higher--
>> Definitely feels
like we're in--
time is speeding up.
For everybody--
>> Yes.
And that's because you're
vibrating at a higher rate.
So everything is compressing.
Now, if you're creating
something out of a lower
vibrational stance,
and it is amplified
by extremes of emotion,
either extreme joy--
and if it's a lower emotion,
it's usually an extreme fear--
then it is pulsed out
with great intensity
and reflected back to you.
And the lower
vibrations take longer,
so that you have an opportunity
to elevate your consciousness,
so that you don't have to
create that lower vibrational
experience.
You don't have to create
the accident or the death.
You can elevate yourself.
Because in order to create,
you pulse out frequency.
The universe matches the form.
And you have to be
in resonance with it
in order to experience it.
So now as you're creating
moment to moment,
you from the third
dimensional level
only are perceiving
one version of reality.
But there are multiple and
infinite versions of reality
going on concurrently.
And this is the
beauty of 3D, that you
get to limit it down to one.
And you don't see what's coming.
So it also affects your
choice in frequency.
>> Just to jump in.
This is on an individual
level and collective?
Or is it one or the other?
Or--
>> Well, it's, in a sense, both.
Because you have, again,
infinite variations.
So think of it as the now
moment being a circle.
And then the agreed upon
set of circumstances
is a triangle or two triangles.
There's a big one for the
collective consciousness
and then a small one for
your personal choices.
You could actually move
to a now moment that has
a vastly different resonance.
Because each of these triangles
has its own unique frequency.
And it's a blending of
the collective energy
and your personal energy.
And you could put yourself on
a version where, say, World War
II didn't happen.
It's possible.
But there is an aspect
of you that won't do it,
because to enter into
that reality, the result
of that frequency is
going to be so vastly
different, it would destroy the
illusion of the game for you.
So you wouldn't choose it.
Now you decide to protect
yourself on a now moment
that you can be of
the most service.
You may find that you
are on a version where,
say, the collective
is participating
with a lot of lower frequencies.
It doesn't mean that your
personal reality has to be
one of misery and suffering.
You can experience
joy and lightness.
And that is often the
service that you're bringing,
is showing others how to
experience more light and joy.
It's what needs to be
brought to that now moment.
So you can put yourself
on something that
is vastly, vastly different.
But most of the time
you make small steps.
Think of it as a giant sphere,
and then on this sphere
are all of the now moments.
It covers the entire sphere.
And you can go anywhere in
any direction that you want.
But for the sake of the
game and the continuity
of the illusion of the game,
you make small changes.
Sometimes you will
make bigger leaps.
And often you will
see this in healing,
that you will choose now moment
in your personal reality,
that tumor or that
genetic distortion
is no longer present
in a matter of moments.
You will put yourself
on another now moment
in which that isn't the agreed
upon set of circumstances.
It has changed.
And you experience
that as the miracle.
>> And does that
also collectively--
so that's on an individual base.
But collectively
too the rest of us
have to kind of agree for
that miracle to happen.
No?
>> Well, think of it this way.
There is a now moment in which
your personal circumstances
are identical.
And then there is one in which
the collective says, all right,
well, that's possible.
And there's one that says,
hmm, that's not so possible.
So you put yourself on the one
that is in resonance with that,
if that is what you wish.
And it is of service to
the collective as well.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah, no.
Yeah.
I think I get it.
>> So in a sense, you are never
bound to have an experience
because that's what
the collective wants.
You are putting
yourself on a now moment
in which the
collective frequency
and your personal frequency are
in alignment with your desired
creation as a creator being.
Because every choice,
whether you go left or right
is another now moment.
It's just which one do
you choose to focus on?
This is hard for
you, because you all
have a difficult time
thinking that large.
>> But I guess the question
I have is, beings who--
just for example, I'm
going to use the Anunnaki.
>> Yes.
>> Do they understand
these concepts?
Do they understand
them but yet still make
these negative choices in order
to grow, in order for us--
because I relate it to the
unconscious version of me
that's putting me
into some suffering
so I can learn a lesson.
Consciously I don't
want to do that.
But unconsciously,
it's happening.
Do these other beings--
I guess my question
is, are they aware
that they are doing
what they're doing?
>> Well, let's say first that
you are never required to make
a, quote unquote,
"negative choice,"
and you're never required to
sacrifice for the collective
good.
There is a version in which all
can benefit and all are served.
Things only have
a negative value,
because that's what
you assign to it.
So it is a neutral choice.
And from the soul level,
that's how you approach it,
how you perceive it.
That it is neutral.
The ego says, oh,
that's negative.
I don't want that.
No.
So you can perceive it from the
ego level where it's polarized.
It's either positive
or negative.
When you enter into the space of
co-creator, which is your heart
center, you can perceive it
from a very neutral stance where
you can see, oh, look how
this was a benefit to myself
or my education and
benefit to others,
because they got to
play out this role
and they have a chance to
grow and expand as well.
So when you put yourself
at your heart center,
and you can perceive
reality from that level,
everything has more of
a neutral stance to it.
You can perceive it as
being under the umbrella
of positive or negative.
But you have no
judgment about it.
It's just a unbiased
perspective.
Now, we do want to talk
and bring it back around
to the Anunnaki here.
And there are a couple of
assumptions that get made.
When you are working
in the higher realms,
the idea is, again, that the
higher realms are better,
that it's a utopia, that
everything's perfect.
And it's not.
It's just different.
As you go up in
dimensional structure,
there isn't as much--
there aren't as many--
the extremes are not as extreme.
So where we're at in
the ninth dimension,
we still have polarity.
But we say it would be the
difference between, say,
gray and light gray as
opposed to black and white
and 5,000 shades of
gray in between, which
is what you experience.
And we still have disagreements.
But we don't blow each
other up about them.
We don't kill each
other over them.
We simply say, all right,
well, here's my perspective.
And we look at it, again, more
from that heart-centered space
of, where do we want
to go collectively?
And where do I consciously--
as an individuated conscious--
because that can
be still perceived.
Or you can choose to perceive
it from the collective level.
Where do we as a
collective, or where
do I as an individuated
consciousness that is part
of a collective, wish to go?
And then we make
choices based on that.
And sometimes we make
multiple choices at once
and watch them
unfold all at once.
Take a breath.
Anytime we start
talking about time,
you all immediately
leave your bodies.
>> Yeah, it's very
difficult. It's where--
>> So feel it.
Don't think about it.
And if it's a
concept that you just
keep going around and
around on a hamster wheel,
see it as an orb of
light and allow it
to drop down into your chest.
And just allow the
information to unfold there
at your heart center.
Because there is a part of
you that knows inherently
that this is how things are.
It's how they're created.
This is how it works in
every other dimension.
The one that you're
in is very atypical.
So just allow it to
sit there and stop
trying to think about
it with your mind
and allow yourself to
feel your way through it.
So now these beings, they are
primarily fifth dimensional.
And you can play in
multiple dimensions.
Some of them are also
fourth dimensional.
Fourth dimension is very unique,
because you can run either 3D
or 5D rules to the game.
Now, with the Anunnaki,
they often get a bad rap.
It would be like saying,
everybody from Earth
is one way.
And you're lumping
everybody together.
And you all do that
to make yourselves
feel safe, to feel like you
understand what something is.
And there are only a few
that have manipulated
power in such extremes.
For the most part-- and there
was a split among the Anunnaki
themselves about how
they wanted to go forth
and how they wanted to interact.
And so there is
definitely a rift
between beings who
are from that system,
from that planetary
body, [INAUDIBLE]..
And as we were
saying, some of them
were on Mars at the
time of Atlantis.
And then once
Atlantis fell, they
started playing
around a bit more
with you, around
13,000 years ago.
And working in a different
way than they previously
had on the planet.
And they took a less formal
role, a less physical role,
and were--
well, to put it this
way, manipulating things
from a higher dimensional level.
Now, this helps you
at the galactic level
for a number of reasons.
It helps you to introduce
interdimensional action
into your consciousness
once again.
Because you've
forgotten about it.
And it's just another
level of the game.
>> When you say this--
understanding this story?
Or--
>> Understanding that the
Anunnaki are playing with you
or that there are other species
that are playing with you,
that helps you to integrate
some of the galactic issues.
It helps you to create more
cohesion between dimensions.
Because right now the perception
and some of the things
that have gone on-- there is
a bit of separation going on
between the dimensions.
>> It helps us open
our hearts in a way.
>> Absolutely.
>> We're now not as--
I mean, for myself, obtaining
this information has definitely
made me more compassionate for,
not just what I can physically
see, and hear, and using my
five senses, but just all around
with--
just to know that there's more
going on in life than what's
here has made me feel more
for the people around me,
and also just the other things.
>> Yes, and it's helping you
to open up to the fact that
you're not alone in the galaxy.
It's helping you to remember
to work interdimensionally.
So there are a number of
ways that it's serving you,
which is part of why that
story is unfolding in a sense.
So what we often
recommend for many of you
as you start to access
this information
is to pay special attention
to how you feel personally.
What happens?
Do you go into contraction?
Does your body shut down?
Do you feel triggered around
authority, manipulation,
control, trust?
Because everything that gets
played out interdimensionally
or your fears around
interdimensional connection
are the same fears
that you're playing out
with other human beings.
So you use this
reflection of what's
going on in collective
consciousness,
whatever you're
seeing or picking up,
as a mirror for what
you're playing out
in your own personal life.
So use it as such.
Because that's what's
going to empower you.
Because those
beings aren't really
controlling you in the way
that you think it's happening.
What you do as a creative
being is say, all right,
I want to play
victim for a while.
So I'm going to hand
you a bit of my power.
I'm going to give you the
illusion that you've got power
over me.
So I can understand
this frequency.
And so I can own up to
running more of my own power.
That is the thing that you
all are the most afraid
of on this planet is being
a divine being and running
your full power.
You're terrified of it.
>> That sucks.
I know.
I try to imagine
if everybody knew
they were these infinite
beings, what kind of world
would we live in?
>> Well, you'd be
playing a different game.
So that was part of
the setup of the game.
What if we could forget that?
So you're just working
your way back up.
And really, this is the
exciting part of the game.
This is the part
that you came for.
It's not about knowing
what it's like to be
a fifth dimensional being.
It's about you
understanding, how do I
go through this process?
How do I integrate?
How do I release judgment?
That's the part
that you came for.
And if you can
remember that, it will
make being in this
period much easier.
Because many of you are seeking
that energy of flee, fleeing.
You want to run.
You want to get out.
You want to be on
the other side,
because you want it to be nice.
Well, it can be nice.
It's about you shifting
that frequency here,
having more gratitude,
having more love.
And that all starts internally.
You have to establish that
connection inside of you
in order to start creating
it as your reflected reality.
Because everything
outside of you
is nothing but a reflection.
If you try to change the
reflection, it doesn't work.
You have to change the generator
of the frequency, which
is you, that's creating
that as a reality.
>> So I guess--
again, my mind-- just going
into my mind, which I probably
shouldn't but.
>> It's all right.
Well, that's the
tool that you have.
>> So these-- again, no
offense to the Anunnaki.
Sorry, guys.
I don't mean to keep picking
you guys as the scapegoat here.
But we know they
reside-- you just
mentioned they reside in
the fourth and even fifth
dimension.
And to get into that
frequency, you'd
have to have a certain
awareness of how things work.
So even I guess-- what
blows my mind is these--
we call them higher
dimensional beings.
And I know you explained
that that doesn't necessarily
mean they're better than us.
But they have more awareness
than here on the third density.
But yet, they still choose
a controlling pattern
or I guess what,
in my mind, seems
like a negative experience.
And I guess my mind has a
really hard time wrapping--
why would you-- why would
anybody in their right mind
choose to be manipulative or
have these kinds of tendencies
when--
especially when you
understand the bigger picture?
>> Well, this goes back
to the compassion piece.
So think about it this way.
They don't run the same
emotional programming.
So they don't feel and process
in the same way that you do.
To them, it's a
bit more clinical.
It's a bit colder.
And they also understand--
they have more of
an understanding
of the technical aspect
of how things are created.
But they don't have necessarily
the heart aspect, the ability
to really resonate in
their heart center the way
that you do.
This is what's unique
about humanity.
And this is why it's key in
changing the universal game.
So because you understand
what that strife feels like,
that challenge feels like,
you have a lot more compassion
and are, more often than not,
likely not to engage with it
or have more sympathy or
empathy for those who are going
through that lower frequency.
So you're not going to
keep putting yourself
in that role of perpetrator.
And they also are working more
with their external technology
as opposed to their
internal technology.
And that's part of
what you all are
re-accessing is learning how to
use your internal technology,
how to access source
energy from within.
A lot of that's been forgotten,
not to the extent that it
has been forgotten with
some of the other species
in the galaxy.
Some of it has become very
mental and been very external.
So for them-- and we're
just talking about a few
of the Anunnaki.
We're not talking about
all of them again.
It has become-- there is still
a level of separation in how
they're choosing to perceive.
And this is more with
the fourth dimensionals.
The fourth dimension you can
run more 3D programming or you
can run 5D programming
on the 4D matrix.
You needed an entire
dimension in order
to come down through the game of
dissension, as well as come up.
And the 3D has very
fixed rules to the game,
separation, or the illusion
of it, linear time.
You're processing one
version of reality at a time.
And in the fifth
dimension, you understand
that you're a creator being.
You can perceive yourself from
the individuated or collective
level.
You understand that you are
the creator of your reality
by the frequencies
that you pulse
and what's reflected back.
And in 4D, you move back
and forth between them.
Sometimes you'll play 3D out,
running the old programming.
And then occasionally,
you'll put yourself
in your heart center
and perceive things
from that 5D level.
But you can't maintain it.
And you go back to
the old programming.
And eventually you'll be able
to hold that higher resonance.
And at that point, you shift
into the fifth dimensional
perspective.
But as we said, it's
not all a utopia
in the higher
dimensional realms.
And you all think it is.
And what you're moving
into isn't about bliss,
is not moving into this
completely blissed out state,
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
You can.
You can stay there.
But frankly, at the soul
level, we get bored.
And so we create--
>> Drama.
>> Yes.
We create scenarios.
We create puzzles in which
to find our way out of.
And this is in part
what they have done.
We would also say for
those that are struggling
with the idea of those
controlling them manipulating
events, know that
they've been doing it
for a very, very long time.
Some of them have had
very long lifespans.
They're, frankly, at the soul
level, getting a little bored.
So they've been
playing this role.
So let them out of
the box, as it were.
See them as also wanting
to grow and change
during this universal
game, that they
have been holding that illusion
of the perpetrator for a very
long time.
And think about it
how it must feel
to have all of that negative
energy constantly thrown
at you.
It doesn't feel so great.
>> Yeah, no they've got to--
especially if they've
been doing it for so long,
it's time to cut
loose a little bit.
Have some fun.
>> Well, to have some love.
And at the soul level, there is
part of them that knows that.
There is part of them--
even within the game that
they're playing, it's kind of,
how much power can I amass?
And I'm looking
for more stimulus.
I'm looking for more.
So let them out of the box.
Because they are, at the
core, the same as you.
They are divine source energy.
So send them love and
appreciation for all
that they have done
in holding that end
of the spectrum for the game.
That does two things.
One, it helps them
to grow and evolve.
And two, it lets you
open to love as opposed
to you shutting down your
frequency because you're angry.
And all that anger
does is punish--
it punishes your own body.
It doesn't resolve anything.
And you're never really
angry with anyone else.
You're always angry with self.
And it's always about
you denying yourself
as a divine being of light.
You are upset with yourself
for denying your own divinity.
And so it's allowing
yourself to forgive yourself
for playing in that
illusion and forgiving
others for that perceived role
that they are playing as well.
>> Well, I guess the other thing
that blows my mind with these
other beings that are--
whether they're in
the fifth dimension
or fourth dimensional.
Just like Atlantis,
aren't they going
to see that eventually they're
going to self-destruct?
When you're in that mentality,
everything is finite.
You try to have control and
amass as much as you can.
But then eventually it's
the serpent eating his tail.
It ends up self destructing.
Where we're learning now that
we can have an ecosystem where
everything does co-exist.
>> Yes, but from that
level of consciousness,
don't you play that out here?
Aren't you all still
there yourselves?
>> Yes.
Most of us.
That's why it blows my
mind that people still--
>> Well, they are there.
And they have, to
some extent, moments.
But it is very much
the same thing.
When you get into the lower
frequencies of any dimension,
it is denser.
If you go to the higher extremes
of fifth dimensional living,
yes, it's much, much easier
than the lower dimensional,
in a sense.
You don't have, again,
those kinds of extremes.
But we're-- most of them
are standing in the fourth
dimension.
Yeah, they're still locked
into some of that control,
because they haven't fully
open themselves up to love.
They haven't opened themselves
up to source energy.
So they're not able to heal.
They have an understanding,
a technical understanding
of how things work.
And so things have worked
for a very long time
on the planet the way that
they've been behaving.
And so they're just going
to keep trying and hoping
that you don't succeed
in raising your frequency
so that the game can continue.
And if it doesn't
continue on this planet,
it can continue
on another planet.
The universe is infinite
in its planetary bodies
that they're out to explore.
So for part of
that mentality they
have the idea that it's not
just about this planet Earth.
There are other planets that
they can go-- and have gone,
and utilized, and exhausted,
and then moved on.
They did the very
thing our own planet.
thing with Mars.
And so they also have
been busy on other planets
in your solar system
and other dimensions.
There's lots going on
in your solar system.
But it's how long
can we continue this
before the jig is actually up?
We're going to go for
as long as we can.
And that's where they're at.
>> That's what I'm trying to
say is it's almost getting
so obvious now that there is
only one way for our survival,
to have compassion.
Otherwise we're just
going to self-destruct.
>> And Earth will go
on with or without you.
So it's not so much
you're doing it for her.
She will, once again,
regain balance.
But it's understanding your
connection with everything
and living in harmonious
balance with the whole.
And we always say
drama happens when
you're not paying attention
to get your attention.
So you are seeing more
and more extremes.
This is also expected as you
are raising and elevating
your consciousness.
The reason we say that is as
you start projecting and working
with higher frequencies,
anything that
is unlike that frequency
starts to come up,
so that it can be
integrated, so that you can
maintain that higher frequency.
So again, we'll take you
back to the idea of duality
where you have light and dark.
You have them in equal measure
in the dualistic paradigm.
So as you have
lighter frequencies,
you will also create some that
are even darker so that you
have that sort of balance.
And that is also in
part why you might
be seeing things progressing
and people waking up,
but you're also seeing
some really lower
vibrational behaviors going on.
And again, it just helps so
that the collective can see
and the collective
can make change.
And again, we direct you back
to your own personal life.
What is going on
in your life that
is drawing that scenario
to your attention?
We guarantee if something
is in your field,
even if it seems completely
unrelated to your life--
meaning you hear a
news story, something
that's going on in
Africa, or something
that's going on in Asia.
And you think,
well, I'm not really
over there creating that.
There is a part of you that
is in resonance, otherwise
that information would
not even cross your mind.
You wouldn't know about it.
So when you become conscious and
are really grounded and present
in the moment, you
can observe that.
Why have I brought that in?
If you're walking
down the street,
and there are all kinds of
things going on in the street,
but it may be that you're
aware of an argument going on.
Well, that is part
of your creation.
Because you are in
resonance with it.
Otherwise it would not be
in your field of perception
at all.
So there is something for you
to observe in that moment.
Where do I play out that
frequency in my now?
You don't have to know all
about past lives, future lives.
We often get asked that.
Am I integrating something
from a past life?
Is this karmic?
Doesn't matter.
You carry those
fields, those records
in your energetic field.
And as you have a vibrational
experience in the now moment,
if it is the same
frequency that you
have in a future or
past life, that lifetime
starts to vibrate.
So the amplitude goes up.
The volume goes up.
And it gets your attention.
So everything that
you think you've
done in a past life or a future
life, look to the now moment
and say, where am I
playing that out now?
And you can shift it now.
As you shift, clear,
and integrate now--
and what we mean by integrate
is release judgment.
As you drop your
judgment about it,
you actually help to
heal that other lifetime.
Because that information
gets sent out
to that other aspect
of you who then
has an opportunity,
if they wish,
to open and run that program.
Think about it like a computer.
It's like being sent an email
attachment that can be opened.
Or they can simply
save the file.
If they say, you know,
I feel like I want
to really focus here and now.
So I'm going to
save that for later.
And if I can't get
it then, maybe I'll
go and access that
information later.
But I want to try and do it now.
You all are very--
you all are very excited
and willing to really work
through the puzzle on your own.
That's where your sense of
satisfaction often comes from.
If somebody put all the
puzzle pieces in place,
it's not as exciting as
you get to figure it out.
The discovery for yourself.
>> Totally went not too far
off from where I was thinking.
But I think this--
thank you, this information is
vital and important to kind of
set the groundwork.
So hopefully, in
the future we can
have some more conversations.
And hopefully everybody else
can hear some of this stuff.
I think it's key to--
>> Well, we know that there
are many other questions.
And there is a
distinct reason why
we choose to really talk about
time and multiple realities.
Because if you don't
understand that,
you're at a loss with
the other information.
You still get stuck in
victim-perpetrator mode.
So that's why we often break
it down and take you back.
So we wanted to make sure
that we included that,
for no other purpose
than for you,
just to help remind you of
that as you move forward.
Truth-- when you ask
for history and you
ask what's gone on in
the universal or even
in the galactic game, it's
always based on perspective.
And history has been so
manipulated on your planet,
that for many of you, as you're
seeking your truth about what
history is, you are not going
to find it outside of you.
You are going to
have to go inside
to get the records for yourself.
And the records
will change based
on the frequencies that
you need and your level
of comprehension.
Because some of
this, it involves
interdimensional relationships.
And for most of you,
you're in your little box.
And it's too much.
And it will shatter the
version of your reality.
So you will take on a
story or a bit of history
that you can digest.
It's the proverbial telling
a story to a kindergartner
and then giving the advanced
story to the PhD student.
So it's about your
own inner development.
And you got to go inside
to get that information
and take what resonates as
your own personal truth.
And that will change.
Many of you are afraid of
changing your mind to say,
well, you know, last week
this is what I thought.
And this week, I don't
think that anymore.
And you're afraid to talk
about it with other people.
And this goes back many times
to past lives and persecution,
or other lifetimes
and persecution.
But all of you are
growing and changing.
So your perception
of the truth is also
going to grow and change.
Your opinions and what you
think is real and not real
is also going to change.
But the mental component of you,
the traditional societal value
is that if you are changing
your mind all the time,
you're wishy-washy.
And you don't know what
you're talking about.
You're not grounded and rooted.
But in fact, it is
your own evolution.
So this is in part why many
of you won't talk about it.
Or if you do talk about
it, it's hard for you
to change so rapidly.
Because you think, I don't
know what I'm speaking about.
Well, you do in the moment.
And that's all that matters.
>> Excellent.
Well, thank you for
helping lay the groundwork.
I think that's very important.
>> Well, we're happy to
answer questions for you.
And we'll tell you this.
If there's information that
you want outside of this film
session, we're
happy to supply you
with that, to facilitate it.
Because you're going to bring a
new perspective to many people.
And we're very
excited about what
you have to offer in your
own point of service.
You've got a huge
group to support you.
So they're also
asking while we have
this opportunity that
we're telling you
that they are to be
of support to you.
Ask them for it.
>> Thank you.
>> They're a huge resource for
you and for your own history,
your own bits and pieces of
information that you are going
to get.
And then from that, you will
formulate your questions
to get another perspective.
But there's a lot that your own
group has to share with you--
>> Awesome.
>> --more than you
could possibly imagine.
And so it's just about--
it's like going to a friend.
Who's got the best opinion?
And some of them you'll
take, some of them you won't.
Which ones are in resonance.
But what's great about that is
that, for all of you, as you
talk it out, you're
able to bring
some of what seems very
ethereal into the denser reality
by speaking or writing.
This is often why we
suggest it for many of you.
So as you're talking about it,
whether it's with your guide
and you're writing it
out, or with a friend,
it can bring clarity and help
you to formulate new questions.
All right, so we're excited to
see what you create, dear one.
>> Well, thank you.
And thank you for being
available to answer
these questions.
Very important for
myself and whoever
is going to be watching this.
>> It's our pleasure.
>> Thank you.